src/main/md/net/splitcells/martins/avots/distro/legal/privacy-policy-en.md, before:

----
* SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR GPL-2.0-or-later
* SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Contributors To The `net.splitcells.*` Projects
----
# Privacy Policy Regarding The German Datenschutz-Grundverordnung
This data protection declaration follows [Art. 13 of the Datenschutz-Grundverordnung](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/13.html).
## Contact Details Of The Responsible Person
* Name: Mārtiņš Avots (Martins Avots)
* Location: 97276 Margetshöchheim
* Street: Frankenstraße 26
* E-Mail: contacts@splitcells.net
* Matrix Channel: [#net.splitcells.martins.avots.webiste.legal:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#net.splitcells.martins.avots.webiste.legal:matrix.org)
## Rights Of Those Affected
* According to [Art. 15 Par. 1 der DSGVO](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/15.html),
  you have the right to request information about personal data about you and
  its processing. The rights and freedoms of other people must not be impaired.
* According to [Art. 15 Par. 1 der DSGVO](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/15.html),
  you have the right to request the correction or deletion of personal data about you and its processing.
* According to [Art. 15 Abs. 1 der DSGVO](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/15.html),
  you have the right to object to or restrict the processing of personal data about you.
* According to [Art. 15 Abs. 1 der DSGVO](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/15.html),
  you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
## Processing Purposes
Data processing is carried out for the following purposes, in order to process your requests with the [legal basis of Art. 6 b)](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/6.html):
* To provide the content and functions of the website to the user and thus answer the user's requests.
* Enable analysis and maintenance of the website to ensure its operation.
* Fulfill legal obligations.
## Data processing In The Website Program
The following user data is retained for 7 days,
to enable analysis and maintenance of the website for its operation.
* Date and time of user requests
* URL and parameters of user requests
* Data uploaded by the user

Data uploaded by the users via a form on the website,
is processed in order to fulfill the functionality provided by the form.
## Server Hosting
The server on which the website and
its operation system runs is operated by Hetzner Online GmbH.
[Here](https://www.hetzner.de/rechtliches/datenschutz) is their privacy policy.
# Automated Decision Making Including Profiling
There is no automated decision-making, including profiling, on the website.
# Transfer Of Personal Data
The website will not pass on personal data about you to third parties or third countries,
except if it is required to fulfill legal obligations.

Commit message:

Link to a supvervisory authority for
the privacy policy.

Signed-off-by: Mārtiņš Avots <martins.avots@splitcells.net>

src/main/md/net/splitcells/martins/avots/distro/legal/privacy-policy-en.md, after:

----
* SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR GPL-2.0-or-later
* SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Contributors To The `net.splitcells.*` Projects
----
# Privacy Policy Regarding The German Datenschutz-Grundverordnung
This data protection declaration follows [Art. 13 of the Datenschutz-Grundverordnung](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/13.html).
## Contact Details Of The Responsible Person
* Name: Mārtiņš Avots (Martins Avots)
* Location: 97276 Margetshöchheim
* Street: Frankenstraße 26
* E-Mail: contacts@splitcells.net
* Matrix Channel: [#net.splitcells.martins.avots.webiste.legal:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#net.splitcells.martins.avots.webiste.legal:matrix.org)
## Rights Of Those Affected
* According to [Art. 15 Par. 1 der DSGVO](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/15.html),
  you have the right to request information about personal data about you and
  its processing. The rights and freedoms of other people must not be impaired.
* According to [Art. 15 Par. 1 der DSGVO](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/15.html),
  you have the right to request the correction or deletion of personal data about you and its processing.
* According to [Art. 15 Abs. 1 der DSGVO](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/15.html),
  you have the right to object to or restrict the processing of personal data about you.
* According to [Art. 15 Abs. 1 der DSGVO](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/15.html),
  you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
  The [Bayerische Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz (BayLfD)](https://www.datenschutz-bayern.de/service/complaint.html)
  is such a supervisory authority.
## Processing Purposes
Data processing is carried out for the following purposes, in order to process your requests with the [legal basis of Art. 6 b)](https://dejure.org/gesetze/DSGVO/6.html):
* To provide the content and functions of the website to the user and thus answer the user's requests.
* Enable analysis and maintenance of the website to ensure its operation.
* Fulfill legal obligations.
## Data processing In The Website Program
The following user data is retained for 7 days,
to enable analysis and maintenance of the website for its operation.
* Date and time of user requests
* URL and parameters of user requests
* Data uploaded by the user

Data uploaded by the users via a form on the website,
is processed in order to fulfill the functionality provided by the form.
## Server Hosting
The server on which the website and
its operation system runs is operated by Hetzner Online GmbH.
[Here](https://www.hetzner.de/rechtliches/datenschutz) is their privacy policy.
# Automated Decision Making Including Profiling
There is no automated decision-making, including profiling, on the website.
# Transfer Of Personal Data
The website will not pass on personal data about you to third parties or third countries,
except if it is required to fulfill legal obligations.
